How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?
It was useful and easy.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?
If a programmer has whole history of the a file the the programmer can easily access to any change that has been made in the past. Is saves a lot of time for the programmer and make them efficient.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
 commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?   
Pros:It allows the programmer to make a commit whenever their is a logical change rather then creating unnecessary commits without much changes that can lead to clutering of history.
Cons:If a programmer forget about commiting some change then it may lead to a larger commit which is not good.




Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?  
Git is more programming oriented, where several files tend to consist one logical group. On the other hand, Google Docs is primarily more targeted for documents created for human readings, in which case each single file consists a meaningful piece.



How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    
git log can be used to list the summaries of all the changes made to the repository.
git diff can be used to see what has actually changed between two given commits.



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
You can try changing any critical features, since you can always revert back to the point when those were working correctly.
If you find something is not working, you can git log, and try the previous versions until you find the one which works, and make diff of the last one that worked correctly and the commit following it.
That result would show where and how the bug was introduced.



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Writing my own programs.
